Add the documentation for OPA policy for synapse gateway (#5482)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/api-security/opa-validation/custom-opa-policy-for-regular-gateway.md

> # Custom OPA Policy for Regular gateway

Reviewer: Shall we add some introduction/description here about the scenario?

> Following contains the steps that you required to follow to create a custom OPA policy by creating you own Request Policy Generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions below contain the steps that you require to follow to create a custom OPA policy by creating your own Request Policy Generator.
```
